[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
After destroying
the secret bunker
beneath Doctor
Gero's laboratory,
Krillin and the
others raced to stop
the elusive Cell from
reaching his goal
of absorbing Androids
Seventeen and Eighteen.
Meanwhile, Goku emerged
from his sickbed,
fully recovered and
ready to return to action.
Can Goku find a way to
turn back the Android menace?
The struggle continues now!
♪ opening song ♪
'Kay... I'm gonna train
'til I can even go
higher than Super Saiyan.
[METAL SNAPS]
You're...serious...?!
Do you have any idea
how crazy that sounds?!
Huh...?
How do you know that
it's even possible?
[DOOR CREAKS]
[CLATTERS]
Hmm... I guess I don't.
But I think...
it's the only chance
we have to win this
time... I have to try.
I'll give it a year...
If I can't do it by then,
I'll try something else.
[ROSHI YELLS]
One year...?
But we don't have that long!
It'll be all right...
The place I'm going...
you can get a year's
worth of training in a day.
And Chichi...
I think it'd be good
if Gohan came
along, too... Okay?
You... mean... my... boy?
Huh...?
Well... Not on
your life, mister!
At least... that's
what I would say...
if I thought it would
make a difference.
It's not like
I have a choice!
[CHICHI YELLS]
So you just have to
promise me you'll win, okay?
Deal.
But... afterwards...
when this is all finished and
the world is safe again...
I am not going to
let anything else
get in the way of
Gohan's studies, got it?
[ROSHI THINKING]
Wow. Guess things are so bad
even Chichi can see the world
just needs a hero right now.
Thought we were about to have
some real fireworks there--
And you are
going to stay home
and help me out
with some housework!
Thanks, Chichi.
Now that's sweet.
[ROSHI YELLS]
Stupid knob...!
Huh...?
Well, I'm off.
[ROSHI EXHALES HEAVILY]
He disappeared?!
Where'd he learn that trick?
Goku...
Hey, is this the fastest
this thing can go?
Yep.
How're we gonna make
it before Cell runs off again?
Darn it.
Ah... if only
Goku were here...
Goku?!
Yeah... right...
we need 'im.
[GOHAN STAMMERS]
Goku...?
You know, he could use
his instant transmission...
Oh...! Dad!
...and then woosh... Uh...
Hi!
Yeah... like that...
He could just zap
himself anywhere--
Go... ku...
Hey... What's up?
[KRILLIN LAUGHS LOUDLY]
[KRILLIN] Goku...!
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
Goku, is it really you?!
Uh huh...
[KRILLIN LAUGHS]
[KRILLIN]
Man, is it good to see you!
So when'd you wake up?
Does this mean you're cured?!
You don't look sick anymore.
You're all better?
Sure... unless you
count being hungry...
Heh heh...
"hungry"... heh heh
Yep... Sounds like you're
back to your old self again...
Yep... I've never
felt better. Really.
Huh...?
[GOKU LAUGHS LIGHTLY]
[GOKU]
It's okay Gohan.
[GOHAN LAUGHS]
[GOHAN]
My dad's back!
Huh...?
Hey, Kamiccolo!
What?
Listen, we combined
our powers, not our names...
From now on, just
stick with Piccolo...
If you know what's
best for you.
O-kaay...
Then... Piccolo?
That's enough.
[GOKU LAUGHS]
Look... I hate
to say it, but...
There's no way I'd be
able to beat this "Cell"
or the other Androids
right now. They're too strong.
I need to take Gohan
and do some training.
I was thinking we'd go to
that place where you can
do a year's worth of
training in a day.
Wait, say what?
[PICCOLO]
I see.
So you want to go back to
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
Clever...
But, thinking you can last
a whole year
inside that place...?
I don't know... As I
recall, you barely made it
for a month in there
the last time.
I thought I'd take Trunks
and Vegeta along, too...
I'm pretty confident we
can all handle it now.
Fine, then
hurry up and go...
Cell is out there
absorbing whole cities...
His power is getting
stronger by the minute...
If we let him find
Seventeen and Eighteen
and reach his Perfect
form... it is all over.
Right.
Ready.
Goku... hold on a sec...
C'mon, we're up against
tougher enemies than Frieza
and it's almost like...
like you're happy!
Aren't you...
scared, man? C'mon...
Don't know yet.
Well that must be nice...
Wish I could
be so nonchalant
about the planet being
on the verge of extinction.
No...! See...?!
This is great!
He might not know
that he can win, but...
He doesn't know that he can't
win either...! Right...?!
And as long as Goku
hasn't given up,
that means we've still
got a shot at this!
[TRUNKS GASPS]
Oh... Goku...
How's the training
with Vegeta coming along?
Oh, that...?
What training...?
I can barely get Dad
to acknowledge I'm here.
When I did try to go
up and talk to him,
he told me to get lost...
Said I would
only slow him down.
Not that he's actually
doing anything.
He's just been standing
there for three days.
Frozen in place,
like a statue...
Well that's Vegeta for you...
If I know that guy,
he's probably trying to
will himself into
reaching the next level.
Not now, Kakarot... Leave.
Whoa... Easy...
I just came by
to offer you a better
place to train.
[GOKU]
What if I told you there's
a room up at Kami's Lookout...
that'll let you do a year's
worth of training in a day?
You're serious?
Yeah, it's real...
You should come try it.
And hey,
don't worry,
it's not like you'd be
stuck in there with me.
[GOKU]
Only two people are
allowed in at once.
To save time,
I figure I'll take Gohan
and you can take Trunks.
[VEGETA]
Fine...
...but I get to
go first, agreed?
Agreed.
[WIND BLOWS HEAVILY]
[A18] Empty...
Goku's long gone.
Now how could we
have missed him?
Chill... out.
What about you...?
Anything on that radar of yours?
I do not detect
Goku's power signature.
However, the two most
logical places for him to hide
would be the Capsule
Corporation...
or the island where his
master Roshi's can be found.
Well okay...
Which one's closest.
The island is closer.
Approximately sixteen hundred
miles to the southeast...
[A17]
All right, let's fly.
It's about time.
Welcome, this way please.
I've prepared
the chamber for you.
You'll find everything you need
to sustain you during
your training.
You understand
nothing has changed
between us, Kakarot.
Once I'm done training,
then who's to say...
I won't turn on you?
[GOKU]
Even if I power-up,
it's possible I still
won't be able to
defeat the androids
and Cell on my own.
I'm guessing you've
realized the same thing.
Be careful you don't
assume too much, Kakarot.
[VEGETA LAUGHS]
[VEGETA]
So, this is your so called
Hyperbolic Time Chamber?
It is... Which of
you will go first?
Well... Now or never.
Best of luck you guys.
Come.
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
Enter.
We'll try to
be quick, Goku.
Don't worry
about us...
You just try to play
nice with Vegeta.
Bye, guys... We'll be
here waiting for you.
Wow, this heat...
It's suffocating...
And the gravity's
a lot stronger in here.
[TRUNKS GASPS]
Wha... What is this?
It's just empty white space.
There's no end to it!
Oh, man... So...
This is the place they said
Goku could barely last a month,
the first time
he came to train.
Now I can understand why.
I'd say... it's perfect.
[TRUNKS THINKING]
Me and dad are
supposed to make it
a whole year in here?
What did we
get ourselves into?!
No matter what we do...
it's like we're always
one step behind!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[YAMCHA] I really thought
this would work, guys...
Sorry...
We'll keep trying, okay?
What's the use? If we
can't sense his energy,
it's just too easy
for him to hide.
Darn it...!
There's no telling
how much stronger he is now!
And if he's started hunting
Seventeen and Eighteen,
he could reach his perfect
form at any time!
The way things are going,
we have to hope
Goku and the others
really can break through
the Super Saiyan barrier...
And then we'll hope that
it's enough to deal with
whatever Cell still
has in store for us.
[NARRATOR]
And so, the hours
passed slowly,
as our heroes waited
for Trunks and Vegeta
to emerge from the
Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
[TV ANNOUNCER]
As sightings of the monster
increase in frequency,
--the number of disappearances
--[PICCOLO] Cmon', Cell...!
--the creature is believed
to be responsible for
--That's enough already!
continues to rise into
the tens of thousands.
The entire world
is frozen with fear,
as there is no way to know
--where the monster
will strike next...
--You'll pay for this!
You hear me?!
[PICCOLO GASPS]
[PICCOLO YELLS]
Hi... Can Goku
come out and play?
[PICCOLO THINKING]
Great...!
I don't know if this is
good timing, or the worst!
I am not detecting
Goku's presence here.
Seriously?
[PICCOLO] Get up! We have
some unexpected visitors.
Wait... What...?
Someone's here?
Goku's not here! So I'll ask
you once to leave quietly.
Scary... Heh...
Tell you what,
we'll leave once you
tell us where Goku is.
[KRILLIN THINKING]
This is bad...
How did they even find us?
So just like that, huh...?
You think we'll talk?
Well... Yes...
Because if you don't talk,
we're going to
stop asking nicely.
So... these're...
the androids...
They're a real icy
looking bunch.
All right... If it's a fight
you want... Over there...
There's another island...
We'll have more room.
Whatever...
but you asked for it.
The rest of
you stay here.
You'll only get in
the way if you come.
So... you think
he's got a chance?
I wish... but it's
three against one.
All he has to
do is stall 'em...
Goku and the others
should be finishing
their first day
of training soon.
If he can just hold on...!
[A17] Last chance.
Tell me what
I want to know
and you can still
walk away from this.
Hah! What...? Is that
supposed to frighten me?
[THUDS]
I don't understand
why you're so eager
to pick a fight you
know you can't win.
You showing off...
or is it... you're just a fool?
[PICCOLO LAUGHS LIGHTLY]
[A17] Well...
Here I am.
Go ahead, show me
what you've got.
So you're saying you
intend to fight alone.
Is that right?
Duh... It would be
over too quickly
if we all three came at you
at once, now wouldn't it?
[PICCOLO THINKING]
Good... If I only have to
take them on one at a time,
I might actually
get somewhere.
Even if I don't win, if
I can manage to take
one of these
two down with me,
that will at least stop Cell
from reaching his
perfect form...
It's worth a shot.
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
[PICCOLO SCREAMS]
[BIRDS CHIRP]
Wow, I don't think they've
even started fighting yet...
and we can already
feel the shockwaves,
all the way over here!
Yeah... Intense!
Right... He's gotten
amazingly strong.
No... if you guys wanna see
amazing just wait a minute.
[ROSHI, TIEN,
AND YAMCHA GASP]
I caught a glimpse of
Piccolo's new power
after we lost Cell
back in Gingertown.
I promise, right now he's
just getting warmed up!
Oh...! I'd hate to see
him when he's hot!
[MR. POPO]
Oh no, Kami...
[GOKU]
It's started.
Piccolo's getting
ready to fight...
[GOHAN]
Yeah, but who...?!
Do you think it's Cell?
No, whoever it is,
I can't sense their energy.
It's gotta be
the other Androids.
[GOHAN]
What...?! He can't fight them
alone, we've gotta help him!
Stop...! Gohan...!
We can't help him!
We're nowhere
near their level!
All we'd do is
slow Piccolo down!
[GOKU]
Vegeta and Trunks are going to
come out of there any minute
all powered-up, and they
can join the fight...
So just wait!
Piccolo's more than twice
as strong as he used to be,
he can definitely hold
his own until then!
Yes, that's true. Piccolo and
Kami are together now.
They'll be tough to beat.
Mm-hmm.
[GOKU THINKING]
C'mon Vegeta, where are you?
If it's really possible to
go beyond Super Saiyan,
I know you've done it by now!
[PICCOLO SCREAMS]
Something is wrong here.
Huh...?
This Namekian
is not Piccolo.
Who is he then?!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[PICCOLO SCREAMS]
Heh...
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[PICCOLO SCREAMS]
Okay... That does it.
You're finished!
What?!
Huh...?
[PICCOLO GRUNTS]
[EXPLOSION]
[PICCOLO LAUGHS LIGHTLY]
Heh... Well aren't you
just full of yourself?
[NARRATOR]
Has Seventeen met his match?!
Piccolo's Super Namekian powers
are on display,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ closing song ♪
[GOHAN]
Um, hi... It's Gohan!
Wow, Piccolo!
You're amazing!
[PICCOLO]
Just sit back and
enjoy the show, Gohan!
I'm about to take these
Androids down once and for all!
[A17] Please. The day
I lose to a Namekian
is the day I throw
myself on the scrap heap.
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[PICCOLO]
Alright Kami, let's show them
what a true Namekian
Warrior can do!